Hello.
 
Greetings and please pardon me for not knowing your mindset before contacting you, it is very confidential. I am Mr. Bashir Mamman .Administrateur non-exécutif,Bank of Africa, 13, boulevard du Janvica, B.P. 3302, Lome-Togo. We had a foreign client. A national of your country, in the year 2004, our client and her only son were involved in a car accident along Kaneshi express Road here in Republic of Togo. Unfortunately they lost their lives in the car crash. Since then the Bank had made several enquiries to your embassy here to locate any of her extended relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful. This our client has an account with our Bank, totaling $6.500.000.00, which she inherited from her late husband who was an industrialist before he died. And, since that year after her death the bank has not had anyone that Comes for the claim of this money as either her relation or even as a friend. A situation I have monitored closely with my position here as the manager of this branch of our Bank where the money was deposited and I have finally removed her file to my private vault.Now this is why I actually contacted you.

Since you bear thesame family name with her and of the same nationality I have reasoned very professionally and I feel it will be legally proper to present you as her next of kin so as to claim out this fund and shear it before it is transferred to the Banks treasury at the end of this month Feb where other people may as well claim it directly without going to this length. I am quite aware of the procedures this will take and I will advice you appropriately on the way forward and guide you on how to apply to our Bank to make the claim for the fund and its bank to bank transfer to your designated bank account, where you consider safe for it.

Thank you in anticipation of your urgent response I will furnish you with the full details and please also include your direct phone numbers, I intend to give you 50% while I take 50% and I hope you will be a very honest and reliable partner ? Do
With respect contact me to my bashirmammanifo@gmail.com

Mr. Bashir Mamman